NationBuilder Blog Importer
---------------------------

This script scrapes an external blog site, running through all posts and importing
them into the specified NationBuilder blog.

It supports pagination on the source site, and imports title, date, and content.

Authors, tags, and categories are not supported.


Installation
------------

Python virtual environments are strongly recommended.

In your virutal environment, all you need to do to instal dependencies is
pip install -r requirements.txt

All configuration settings should be placed in a new local_settings.py file
(and that file should be excluded from all repositories).

You can use settings.py as a template for your local_settings.py, but don't copy
over the last code block that imports local_settings


Configuration
-------------

This script relies on CSS selectors on the source site to identify blog posts.
These selectors must be set up in local_settings.py

An initial index page must be specified; no actual content is pulled from the index page,
but the script looks for two links:

1) links to full-text versions of a blog post (ie the "read more" link), and
2) pagination links to the next page on the index

The script will follow all fulltext links to articles; on the fulltext page, it will use
the specified selectors to parse out the title, body, author, and date of the post
(note that a selector is defined for author, but that field is not imported into NB yet)

Once it has exhaused all posts on a page, it will follow the selector for the pagination
"next page" link and continue, until the "next page" selector is not found.

These blog posts are all inserted into the NationBuilder blog specified in the settings file.


Running
--------

Once the project is installed, and settings file created, it's just

python scrape.py

Yes, really, that's all.  Setting DEBUG=True in settings may make the run more interesting.


License
-------

This project is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL v3, a copy of which is included in LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2017 franciskung.com consulting ltd.

